 The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. - Nelson Mandela 
 The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. - Walt Disney 
 Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans. - John Lennon 
 The purpose of our lives is to be happy. - Dalai Lama 
 Get busy living or get busy dying. - Stephen King 
 You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough. - Mae West 
 In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends. - Martin Luther King Jr. 
 To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. - Ralph Waldo Emerson 
 The best way to predict your future is to create it. - Peter Drucker 
 Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment. - Buddha 
 What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. - Ralph Waldo Emerson 
 The only impossible journey is the one you never begin. - Tony Robbins 
 Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all. - Helen Keller 
 Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill 
 The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. - Franklin D. Roosevelt 
 Believe you can and you're halfway there. - Theodore Roosevelt 
 It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. - Confucius 
 Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it. - Henry David Thoreau 
 You miss % of the shots you don’t take. - Wayne Gretzky 
 The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. - Eleanor Roosevelt 
 The mind is everything. What you think you become. - Buddha 
 It is never too late to be what you might have been. - George Eliot 
 The best revenge is massive success. - Frank Sinatra 
 Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions. - Dalai Lama 
 Life is % what happens to us and % how we react to it. - Charles R. Swindoll 
 Dream big and dare to fail. - Norman Vaughan 
 You have as much laughter as you have faith. - Martin Luther 
 Change your thoughts and you change your world. - Norman Vincent Peale 
 It always seems impossible until it’s done. - Nelson Mandela 
 Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. - William James 
 What we think, we become. - Buddha 
 Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. - Steve Jobs 
 To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all. - Oscar Wilde 
 You can’t use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have. - Maya Angelou 
 The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others. - Mahatma Gandhi 
 Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you. - Walt Whitman 
 Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be. - Grandma Moses 
 If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things. - Albert Einstein 
 The only way to do great work is to love what you do. - Steve Jobs 
 I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions. - Stephen R. Covey 
 The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step. - Lao Tzu 
 Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom. - George S. Patton 
 Life is short, and it is up to you to make it sweet. - Sarah Louise Delany 
 Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear. - George Addair 
 It is our choices, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities. - J.K. Rowling 
 You must be the change you wish to see in the world. - Mahatma Gandhi 
 Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. - Sam Levenson 
 Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world. - Roy T. Bennett 
 I can’t change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination. - Jimmy Dean 
 Opportunities don't happen, you create them. - Chris Grosser 
 The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible. - Charles Kingsleigh 
 Life is not about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. - George Bernard Shaw 
 A goal without a plan is just a wish. - Antoine de Saint-Exupéry 
 Life isn’t about waiting for the storm to pass, it’s about learning to dance in the rain. - Vivian Greene 
 The greatest wealth is to live content with little. - Plato 
 You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great. - Zig Ziglar 
 Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it. - Confucius 
 Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated. - Confucius 
 The secret of getting ahead is getting started. - Mark Twain 
 Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. - Albert Schweitzer 
 Don't count the days, make the days count. - Muhammad Ali 
 What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality. - Plutarch 
 Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change. - Jim Rohn 
 The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. - Nelson Mandela 
 A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. - Albert Einstein 
 The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today. - Franklin D. Roosevelt 
 What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. - Zig Ziglar 
 You can’t build a reputation on what you are going to do. - Henry Ford 
 It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. - Confucius 
 If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way. - Napoleon Hill 
 Every moment is a fresh beginning. - T.S. Eliot 
 The future belongs to those who prepare for it today. - Malcolm X 
 Nothing is impossible; the word itself says 'I'm possible!' - Audrey Hepburn 
 Dream big and dare to fail. - Norman Vaughan 
 If you can dream it, you can achieve it. - Zig Ziglar 
 We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated. - Maya Angelou 
 Your limitation—it’s only your imagination. - Unknown 
 Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you. - Unknown 
 Great things never come from comfort zones. - Unknown 
 Dream it. Wish it. Do it. - Unknown 
 Success doesn’t just find you. You have to go out and get it. - Unknown 
 The harder you work for something, the greater you’ll feel when you achieve it. - Unknown 
 Wake up with determination. Go to bed with satisfaction. - Unknown 
 Do something today that your future self will thank you for. - Unknown 
 Little things make big days. - Unknown 
 It’s going to be hard, but hard does not mean impossible. - Unknown 
 Don’t stop when you’re tired. Stop when you’re done. - Unknown 
 Wake up with determination. Go to bed with satisfaction. - Unknown 
 Do something today that your future self will thank you for. - Unknown 
 Little things make big days. - Unknown 
 It’s going to be hard, but hard does not mean impossible. - Unknown 
 Don’t stop when you’re tired. Stop when you’re done. - Unknown 
 The harder you work, the luckier you get. - Gary Player 
 Failure is not the opposite of success; it’s part of success. - Arianna Huffington 
 Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear. - George Addair 
 You only fail when you stop trying. - Unknown 
 Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. - William James 
 Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm. - Winston Churchill 
 I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have. - Thomas Jefferson 
 If you can believe it, the mind can achieve it. - Ronnie Lott 
